Docs: Externally shared dashboard datasource plugin support (#1496)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/how-to-guides/data-source-plugins/convert-a-frontend-datasource-to-backend.md

## Why

> There are multiple features available only in backend plugins, such as Grafana Alerting, Recorded queries or externally shared dashboards (previously called Public dashboards). See the use cases for implementing a backend plugin in the [backend plugins introduction](../../key-concepts/backend-plugins/#use-cases-for-implementing-a-backend-plugin).

Reviewer: I would just leave "externally shared dashboards" and drop the "previously called Public dashboards)" - no need to list out all the previous names from my pov.

btw. we probably should rename it here too then: https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/all-plugins/?features=public_dashboards

Author: Yes, we should. I'm curious about how that list is filtered 🧐
There are many plugins in that section with public_dashboards filtered that are not part of confirmed data sources here https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/visualizations/dashboards/share-dashboards-panels/shared-dashboards/#supported-data-sources

> There are multiple features available only in backend plugins, such as Grafana Alerting, Recorded queries or externally shared dashboards (previously called Public dashboards). See the use cases for implementing a backend plugin in the [backend plugins introduction](../../key-concepts/backend-plugins/#use-cases-for-implementing-a-backend-plugin).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are multiple features available only in backend plugins, such as Grafana Alerting, Recorded queries, or externally shared dashboards (previously called Public dashboards). Refer to the use cases for implementing a backend plugin in the [backend plugins introduction](../../key-concepts/backend-plugins/#use-cases-for-implementing-a-backend-plugin).
```
